---
title: 考研词汇造句1
date: 2022-01-31 15:21:52
categories: [英语]
tags: 英语
---

## day1

+ I have never **envisaged** being so **apprehensive** about getting her reply. Yesterday, I saw **smudges** of blood in her face and her lipstick was **smudged**. I asked could I play lol with her and she **consented** it. Unbelievable, I got her **consent**.

+ Seeing what happened to China recently makes me realize it's quite difficult to **administer** a country. China didn't expect a **reciprocal** agreement with US in Alaska. The **mutability** of the US government sucks. US **breached** the international law **lest** China fight back. I hope China's demands are met without **reservation** in this meeting. By the way, Alaska is a **barren** land if you have an **outing** there and look at the **panorama** of it.

+ I wanna say something to her but the appropriate word **eluded** me.  Actually, no one cares what you have said. No **jeering** bystanders there. In order to improve my English, I **tack** a note up on the wall to remind myself don't forget to learn English.

+ I took a **trolley** in supermarket and get a monster drink and suddenly I was under **siege**. Polices **busted** the door and came in. I was **busted** for no reason.

+ Sometimes life gets boring and I wanna get away from the **drudgery** of my everyday lives.  I **flipped** on the lights and **flipped** the pages of a interesting book.  I came up with an idea to decide if I should go out: to **flip** a coin.

## day2

+ People **swarm** into the shop for **elaborate** costumes. Do you know the detail of it? Would you care to **elaborate** on it? "No, I have to go in, time is up." No, time is **prolonged**, so relax and tell me about it.

+ China is really good at **assimilating** other nations. When they conquer Chinese, they become Chinese.

+ Now what western countries wanna do in Xinjiang is to destroy the social **fabric** by banning Xinjiang **fabric**.

+ **Hitherto**, China has delivered many **eloquent** speeches about Xinjiang and they just pretend not seeing. We **contend** that there is no such thing, these people just wanna **contend** with China for more benefits. You can't let this go, it's a **latent** danger. The **implication** is that the harmony of China's society would be disrupted. China would not **brook** any interference on it's interior affairs.

+ Doctor **prescribe** me a drug for lack of sleep. I only **doze** fitfully lately. I live a **solitary** life and prepare exam. I must **reconcile** my study and health. In fact, it's not a easy **proposition**. I can not be in such **mediocrity** anymore.

## day3

+ I decide to **designate** you as my gf, so from now, you don't have to use these **obsolete** devices. You don't have to **endure** this life.  This life have **endured** for a long time, and it's **detrimental** to your career.

+ I was **shattered** by my failure of the postgraduate entrance exam. This outcome **shattered** my dream. It's time to **brace** myself for the next-year exam. It doesn't represent that I am **inferior** to others. Just a **negligible** failure, don't **despise** yourself.

+ I was outraged and **flung** a brick to him. A **sensation** of burning was experienced in my hands.

+ Please, no nsfw and **adhere** to the rule. No **vulgar** pics there.

+ I **stowed** my private money under my bed. This money is for **bartering**.

+ India is **encroaching** on Tibet, the PLA will **repel** them.

## day4

+ Some Americans tend to **trumpet** they have a **tan**,  we Chinese don't do that.

+ He wanna eat pig **chops**, he is a **reckless** man so he stopped a **wagon** to take him a ride.

+ Loving someone who don't love you is a **torment**. **Likewise** studying.

+ Wow, you are so **musculine**. You must have attracted many girls. You can even attract boys if you **disguise** yourself as a girl.

+ Sadness **mingled** with regret, I just don't know what to do.

+ I don't know how can I ever **repay** you. I have to **compensate** you for your precious time.

+ This article is widely **circulated** in China.

+ If his apology is **genuine**, I would accept it. But he is not a **genuine** man.

## day5

+ I **resolved** to decline my boss' proposal, he said it's just a **lateral**, **sideways** move. But I can tell you he just wanna fire me.

+ It seems the extreme right **reared** it's head in Japan. They protect for not **rearing** children, merely for the reason that there are not enough **rear** seat belts in private cars.

+ I don't know how to **transmit** my feelings to you. I just wanna say sorry to you.

+ **Outbursts** of emotion in animes always touch me.

+ This behaviour **defies** my understanding, you can't **defy** the rule. Stop arguing with me, you are **defying** me to argue.

+ It's not easy to **penetrate** AI area. They often **rib** me about my poor math skills.

+ You start the **precedent** for playing rated movies in this channel.

+ My head hit right on the edge and **profuse** bleeding trickled down my faces.

+ Long time ago I was a loser dressed in **rags**. One day, a man teased at my appearance, after that I lost my **rag**. Now, I am much richer than before, so it's a **rag-to-riches** story.

+ Can I cross the **gulf** between you and me.