---
title: 考研词汇造句3
date: 2022-01-31 15:55:52
categories: [英语]
tags: 英语
---

## day11

+ Flower can **bloom** once again, but people's youth can't.

+ My attitude towards her begin to **shift**.

+ I dreamed of building a cage with **timbers** or **lumber** in rural areas. But I need to install some tubes for showering. And if the tubes burst, I need to get a **plumber** to fix it.

+ what **mortified** him is that his wife cheated him.

+ Do not hesitate, be a **decisive** man, especially in **decisive** moment.

+ What is your **motive** for studying? My motive is to pursue the **cardinal** virtues like truth, goodness and beauty.

+ The bird **flaps** its wings and obviously it is **in the flap**.

## day12

+ **Roaming** around the countryside is such a pleasurable thing. Any **squabbles** there would be a **violation** of this peace. The **pervasive** silence in the field, the gentle breeze and the brilliant sun makes me feel calm.

+ She **pinched** me in the face and I think she want me buy her the clothes. However, I am **feeling the pinch** right now. In such a **pinch**, I have to say sorry.

+ She accepted me, which **entailed** that we are in love.

+ The water in the bottle slowly **drains** away.

+ She described a **graphic** dream with a tinge of envy. Does what she think conform to what I think?

+ Who did the bell **toll** for? It's the man who didn't pay the **toll** while driving in the road. Then he fight with the police, they shot each other and the **casualty toll** is huge. This accident really **took a heavy toll on** society.

+ Those public intellects can only see the **defects** of our system. I think some of them will **defect** when being tempered.

## day13

+ The **anchor** who **anchors** a well-known television **anchored** his boat near the dock. To my surprise, it was her. I wave my hands to her and kept calling her name. But she told me do not **fuss over** this.

+ She sent me the photo of her sweet sweater. I thought she want me to remark on it. But when I answered, what she said **humbled** me. So I **made** a **humble apology** to her. It's not to **eat the humble pie**. **In my humble opinion**, I didn't satisfy her expectations and made her a little disappointed. She seems worry about that I will **be weary of** all of this. But my heart will always orbits her like the earth always orbits the sun.

+ Did she unfortunately meet some improperly **bred** guy? Had this bastard harassed her by saying something **gross** ? She **pursed** her lips so I think she is upset about this.

+ The **lame** guy is so eloquent but this time his argument is **lame**. He said that I didn't **comprehend** what he said. That is not true. I have not **degenerate** into a dumb guy.

## day14

+ This test is to **screen** for malignant tumour. I will set a **screen** in front of you so that other people will be **screened** by it.

+ I lost my **identification** card!

+ I will try to **subdue** my sadness when declined by her. She **sowed** love seeds in my heart and the seeds starts to grow. My heart have already been stolen.

+ I am now writing this in a particular **vein** because there is a **vein** of **distain** in what she told me just now. I am a little annoyed, you can literally see my **vein** now. I asked her, do you envy this? She said:"Not so, just a **compliment**.". That words somewhat hurt me. What's the hell of this? I think it's **erroneous**. If that is **admirable**, what is the meaning of lifelong love? Is this a joke? So if somebody perpetually keeps hunting girls and dump them not so long after and find a new one, he would be a incredible guy. Should I rethink my **ethical** value on love?

## day15

+ There is too much **moisture** in the atmosphere.

+ Masai show me a **discounted** wireless mouse, but I already have one. The price **ranges between** 139 **and** 239, he bought it when it's 139. He is lucky.

+ The script is so **obscure**, I don't know what it means. It's written by an **obscure** writer. Stand aside, You **obscured** my vision, man.

+ You must use some **drastic** method to rectify your flaws. It's **viable**, believe me.

+ Me and her are in an **ambiguous** relationship. I lack the **expertise** to start a romantic relationship. She once said **strolling** with one's lover is a good thing. No one wants a **solitary** life.

+ Too **orthodox** in love relationship is bad for me. We often talk in an **roundabout** language. Quite ambiguous, isn't it?

+ "I recognize lifelong love a **lofty** thing. ", I said it in **blunt** terms to her. After all it's a **patriarchal** society.

+ This **pronounced** man gives me a **thrill**.

+ She asked me whether I wanna have an romantic relationship. I said I have **reservations** about it.