---
title: 考研词汇造句4
date: 2022-01-31 16:07:52
categories: [英语]
tags: 英语
---

## day16

+ It's just an **epithet** that I say the color of your sweater looks like a cow. It's a **blot** on our relationship.

+ How to **attain** a state of calmness when peeing.

+ A brilliant **shaft** of light burst through the mine **shaft**. I have been **captive** for one month there. The **incoming** warmth really makes feel alive again.

+ We are only **mortals**. We are all designed to be **mortal**. We all have **mortal** fear of death.

+ He is **bailed**? Who paid the **bail**? What if he **jumped bail** and run to America? It's crazy to **bail him out**. I need some time to **ascertain** who did this.

+ There is a **bundle** of things I need to do in the final days. It's an **inherent** need to love.

+ The fire **flickered** in the wind, I felt **a flicker of** peace. I was **swamped** in this wonderful moment.

+ The Japanese's **vicious** attack on Nanjing can be described as savages' massacre.

## day17

+ Preparing for the exam is **a long haul**. I have to sit there all the day, I need to **haul** myself up and take a break.

+ Why not wear **spectacles**? Does contact lenses make you comfortable. Maybe it's a **imperative** for you to stay beautiful.

+ Americans are in **frenzy** now. They drive tractor to the White House to support Trump.

+ When did causal sex becomes a **universal** thing? Who is on earth **peddling** those thoughts?

+ The sword of Damocles overhead becomes a nightmare in my heart. It **racked my brain**, and I **was racked by** this ambiguity between us. Who the hell am I? I don't know whether the change of her WeChat signature **correlates** to the song she shared yesterday evening. The first comment of the song, you **conceal** and I conceal, says it's a story about a girl, who is still in an romantic relationship with a boy, have loved another guy. And the boy noticed the subtle change of her behavior. He choose to conceal the whole thing, so do the girl... They all choose to act like they are still a couple. I don't get it. It's such a disgusting story! What is the meaning of keeping a fake love? I would rather end up this fake relationship as soon as possible! True love, maybe too rare, too transient. Fuck! I have become too sensitive.

## day18

+ He **pitched** a brick to the window.

+ The red star flag **flutters** with the wind. Beside it is the girl, who made my heart **flutter**.

+ Who ever know my **plight**? I am so miserable that I have become numb. She is just acting like a **cunning** girl whether deliberately or unintentionally.

+ I didn't **intend** on doing this. I used to **be intent on** study, but she came and my life have changed since then. At first I have no **intent** to start a relationship with her. Her reaction really **mortified** me! I thought she liked me, but now I know she only liked someone's unconditional accompany! But for love? Only for handsome guys! This is the real world, the **mediocrity** of my outlook is a big issue when trying to find love. [I](http://I.am) was so lost after that, I **reconcile** **myself to** accept the reality. I don't know if I can **reconcile with** her, maybe it could happen when I don't care about is at all.

+ Vulnerable girls