---
title: 考研词汇造句2
date: 2022-01-31 15:42:52
categories: [英语]
tags: 英语
---

## day6

+ President' **conversion** to communist shocked all people. It must due to last month's data **conversion** when they found president's secret email with cpp. People start to **denounce** him as a traitor.

+ Drinking **impairs** your mental health. Just **decline** their invitation for drinking, you don't need to be so **obedient**.

+ My health no longer **deteriorates**, I am happy now.

+ I only have **dim** memory about him, he was a **formidable** guy. His hair always in wild **tangles**. And he like to wear a **straw** hat and drinking with a **straw.** He consider himself, first and **foremost**, a **carefree** guy.

+ New election law of Hong Kong has passed with an **unanimous** vote. It is an important measure to consolidate Hong Konger's patriotism.

## day7

+ He is **puffing** after **puffing** at this cigar, even a **puff** of smoke could get him dead.

+ We are now in a plane, we need to **parachute** food to people near the **dock**, their boat **docked** there yesterday and it can't move on.

+ Watching movies is **preferable** to gaming.

+ Where has the police **machinery** gone when trees in China are illegally **fell**.

+ You have a **tender** voice, just like a little girl at a **tender** age.

+ **Spiral** DNA structure.

+ I **rejoiced** that I am admitted. It's a **prejudice** that I can't learn math well. I get a high grade **without the prejudice to** the grades of other disciplines.

+ Being polite is just a social **norm**.

## day8

+ She gave me a **portofolio** of her, I don't know what it is. When I got it, I found it's the man **revered** as cifu, Stalin. She said it is the best way to **hedge** me against all the risks in the next three months. She shows me a **benign** smile, which made me to **ponder** what does she want. I **wrinkled** my forehead and felt a little nervous. If I took this portfolio to school, it can definitely **make a splash**. Moreover, If I **engrave** the name Lenin in it, it would be even better. But, they may **denounce** me as an extremist.

+ Suddenly, "it's a **bluff**!", she said.

## day9

+ Learning philosophy is equivalent of learning **jargons**. If you don't do it, you will be misguided by western propaganda that the **calamity** of ww2 is only due to Hitler's personality. The truth is that financial crisis that capitalism caused **prompted** ww2.

## day10

+ He shot **a hail of** bullets, so he **is hailed as** the bullet god. The **mighty** bullet is as large as a basketball. No, the target is the **grazing** animal, I tried to stop the bullet and I **grazed** my knee.

+ I am not **intended to** teach you to follow the **ethics**, but you know it's harmful.

+ People's **delegate** system is the basic system of China. **Delegating** power to the majority brings about both positive and negative effects.

+ Shenshen, an emerging group in Chinese websites, is eager to **fleeing** China to pursue their "dream land" in northern Europe.

+ Communists' goal is to **emancipate** productivity. Trump's conversion to communism really **startled** me.